README.md, before:

<!--Banner-->
![Hudda Bibi Banner Image](./github-header-image.png)

# Hi, I'm Hudda Bibi! 👋  
**Passionate Developer | Web Technologies Enthusiast | Open Source Contributor**

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a passionate developer dedicated to turning innovative ideas into real-world applications. I constantly strive to improve my technical skills and create meaningful solutions through code.

### 🌟 What I'm Excited About:
- Building modern, responsive web applications with **MERN Stack**
- Creating seamless user experiences with **React.js** and **Next.js**
- Developing robust backend systems with **Node.js** and **Express.js**
- Contributing to open-source projects and collaborating with the developer community

### 🚀 Current Focus:
- Mastering the **MERN Stack** (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js)
- Exploring **API development** and integration
- Enhancing **UI/UX design** skills
- Building scalable and performant applications

---

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

<div align="center">

### Languages
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### Frontend & Backend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### Databases & Tools
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📂 My Repositories

<div align="center">

### 🌟 Featured Projects

<table>
<tr>
<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">PrepPal Admin Portal</h3>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/admin-portal" target="_blank">
<img src="./PrepPal%20Admin%20Portal.png" width="100%" alt="PrepPal Admin Dashboard"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/admin-portal" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Admin Dashboard, Web Development</strong></p>
<p>Admin Dashboard for PrepPal pre-school learning platform. Manages academic content, learning categories, quizzes, and user data with role-based access control.</p>
</div>
</td>

<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">PrepPal Mobile App</h3>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/PrepPal_Fyp" target="_blank">
<img src="./1.jpeg" width="100%" alt="PrepPal Mobile Application"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/PrepPal_Fyp" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Mobile Development, Educational App</strong></p>
<p>Pre-school learning mobile app for kids aged 3-5 featuring interactive modules for alphabets, numbers, colors, shapes, with quizzes and progress tracking.</p>
</div>
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">Property Selling Website</h3>
<div align="center">
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/web" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>HTML, CSS, Responsive Design</strong></p>
<p>Static property-selling website showcasing frontend fundamentals, responsive design, and visual presentation for real estate listings.</p>
</div>
</td>

<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">Flappy Bird Re-Engineering</h3>
<div align="center">
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/FlappyBirdTutorial" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Software Re-Engineering, Code Refactoring</strong></p>
<p>Forked Flappy Bird project focusing on refactoring, removing code smells, and improving software design and maintainability.</p>
</div>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

---

## 🎥 Project Demo

<div align="center">

### 🌐 PrepPal Admin Portal Demo

https://github.com/s1hb888/Web.mp4

*Content management dashboard for the PrepPal educational platform*

</div>

---

## 🎓 Project Highlights

### PrepPal Ecosystem (Final Year Project)
A comprehensive pre-school learning platform consisting of:
- **Mobile Application**: Interactive learning for kids aged 3-5
- **Admin Dashboard**: Content management and progress monitoring
- **Features**: Quizzes, audio learning, parent controls, progress tracking
- **Technologies**: Mobile development, Web dashboard, Database management

### Software Engineering Practices
- **Code Refactoring**: Improving existing codebases and removing code smells
- **Design Patterns**: Implementing software design principles and architectural patterns
- **Web Development**: Building responsive and user-friendly interfaces

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=s1hb888&show_icons=true&theme=radical&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=s1hb888&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true&langs_count=8" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

---

## 💡 Design Philosophy

<p align="center">
  <i>"I believe in writing clean, maintainable code that not only works but is also elegant and efficient.<br>
  Every project is an opportunity to learn something new and push the boundaries of what's possible."</i>
</p>

---

## 🤝 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  
  <a href="mailto:hudabibi888@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-hudabibi888@gmail.com-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/s1hb888">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-s1hb888-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/hudda-bibi/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://twitter.com/s1hb888">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-Follow-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter" />
  </a>

</div>

<br>

<div align="center">
  <i>💼 Open to freelance opportunities and collaborations</i><br>
  <i>🎓 Passionate about educational technology and web development</i><br>
  <i>🚀 Let's build something amazing together!</i>
</div>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=100&section=footer" width="100%"/>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <sub>Made with ❤️ by Hudda Bibi</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

Fix video link and include embed instructions
Updated video link and added embed instructions.

README.md, after:

<!--Banner-->
![Hudda Bibi Banner Image](./github-header-image.png)

# Hi, I'm Hudda Bibi! 👋  
**Passionate Developer | Web Technologies Enthusiast | Open Source Contributor**

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a passionate developer dedicated to turning innovative ideas into real-world applications. I constantly strive to improve my technical skills and create meaningful solutions through code.

### 🌟 What I'm Excited About:
- Building modern, responsive web applications with **MERN Stack**
- Creating seamless user experiences with **React.js** and **Next.js**
- Developing robust backend systems with **Node.js** and **Express.js**
- Contributing to open-source projects and collaborating with the developer community

### 🚀 Current Focus:
- Mastering the **MERN Stack** (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js)
- Exploring **API development** and integration
- Enhancing **UI/UX design** skills
- Building scalable and performant applications

---

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

<div align="center">

### Languages
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### Frontend & Backend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### Databases & Tools
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📂 My Repositories

<div align="center">

### 🌟 Featured Projects

<table>
<tr>
<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">PrepPal Admin Portal</h3>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/admin-portal" target="_blank">
<img src="./PrepPal%20Admin%20Portal.png" width="100%" alt="PrepPal Admin Dashboard"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/admin-portal" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Admin Dashboard, Web Development</strong></p>
<p>Admin Dashboard for PrepPal pre-school learning platform. Manages academic content, learning categories, quizzes, and user data with role-based access control.</p>
</div>
</td>

<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">PrepPal Mobile App</h3>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/PrepPal_Fyp" target="_blank">
<img src="./1.jpeg" width="100%" alt="PrepPal Mobile Application"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/PrepPal_Fyp" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Mobile Development, Educational App</strong></p>
<p>Pre-school learning mobile app for kids aged 3-5 featuring interactive modules for alphabets, numbers, colors, shapes, with quizzes and progress tracking.</p>
</div>
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">Property Selling Website</h3>
<div align="center">
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/web" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>HTML, CSS, Responsive Design</strong></p>
<p>Static property-selling website showcasing frontend fundamentals, responsive design, and visual presentation for real estate listings.</p>
</div>
</td>

<td width="50%">
<h3 align="center">Flappy Bird Re-Engineering</h3>
<div align="center">
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/s1hb888/FlappyBirdTutorial" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-View_Repository-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github"/>
</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Software Re-Engineering, Code Refactoring</strong></p>
<p>Forked Flappy Bird project focusing on refactoring, removing code smells, and improving software design and maintainability.</p>
</div>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

---

## 🎥 Project Demo

<div align="center">

### 🌐 PrepPal Admin Portal Demo

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/your-user-id/Web.mp4

> **Video embed instructions:**
> 1. Go to GitHub and edit this README.md
> 2. Position cursor below this heading
> 3. Drag and drop `Web.mp4` from your computer
> 4. GitHub will auto-generate the correct video embed URL
> 5. Delete these instructions after adding the video

**[Click here to download the demo video](https://github.com/s1hb888/s1hb888/raw/main/Web.mp4)**

*Content management dashboard for the PrepPal educational platform*

</div>

---

## 🎓 Project Highlights

### PrepPal Ecosystem (Final Year Project)
A comprehensive pre-school learning platform consisting of:
- **Mobile Application**: Interactive learning for kids aged 3-5
- **Admin Dashboard**: Content management and progress monitoring
- **Features**: Quizzes, audio learning, parent controls, progress tracking
- **Technologies**: Mobile development, Web dashboard, Database management

### Software Engineering Practices
- **Code Refactoring**: Improving existing codebases and removing code smells
- **Design Patterns**: Implementing software design principles and architectural patterns
- **Web Development**: Building responsive and user-friendly interfaces

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=s1hb888&show_icons=true&theme=radical&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=s1hb888&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true&langs_count=8" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

---

## 💡 Design Philosophy

<p align="center">
  <i>"I believe in writing clean, maintainable code that not only works but is also elegant and efficient.<br>
  Every project is an opportunity to learn something new and push the boundaries of what's possible."</i>
</p>

---

## 🤝 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  
  <a href="mailto:hudabibi888@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-hudabibi888@gmail.com-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/s1hb888">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-s1hb888-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/hudda-bibi/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://twitter.com/s1hb888">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-Follow-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter" />
  </a>

</div>

<br>

<div align="center">
  <i>💼 Open to freelance opportunities and collaborations</i><br>
  <i>🎓 Passionate about educational technology and web development</i><br>
  <i>🚀 Let's build something amazing together!</i>
</div>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=100&section=footer" width="100%"/>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <sub>Made with ❤️ by Hudda Bibi</sub>
</div>
